- You're on the lot
a lot, right?
- I'm on what?
- The lot a lot.
- Yeah, yeah.
- I said, but you're--
[audience laughter]
- I haven't been,
but I kind of am now.
- 'Cause you have an office.
- I have an office, yeah.
- Is it near me?
Where are you?
- It used to be right near you,
but now it's down further,
'cause Todd Phillips and I
joined.
- Oh. Well, come say hi
whenever you're around.
- Yeah, well-- really?
-'Cause Clint's office is
right across there.
- Right there.
- Do you fed the squirrels
like Clint does?
- I've watched him feed them.
I wouldn't dare get involved.
- Why not?
- Well, it's his thing.
- You can also feed the
squirrels--it's not his thing.
- Well, I don't know.
[audience laughter]
- But it's sweet, right?
He sits, like, peanuts
on his desk
and the squirrels come in and
sit on his desk and eat the--
- I thought was a joke
the first time,
but they really come up,
and then he's like,
[as Clint Eastwood]
"All right, hold on a second."
[audience laughter]
Then he's like,
[as Clint Eastwood]
"Come on, you little guys.
[audience laughter]
"There you go, little guy.
"That's it, all right.
Okay, what were you saying?"
[audience laughter]
- That's a good [inaudible].
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my God.
- That's literally what happens.
[cheers and applause]
- But it's so sweet
that the does that.
- And then you talk to him,
and he's kind of just
waiting to see,
[As Clint Eastwood]
"Oh, hold on, he's back."
[audience laughter]
- That's adorable.
- Yeah, yeah, he's amazing.
- I love that he does that.
- Does he ever come on?
- Uh, yeah, he has.
He walks on sometimes and
surprises somebody,
or he's been on the show.
- Yeah, he's the nicest guy.
- I love him.
- Great sense of humor.
- He does--he's very funny.
And, "American Sniper,"
so Sienna Miller was
on the show the other day,
and she was talking
about the fake baby
that was so obviously fake
in that film,
and it was because he didn't
want a real baby,
because they're not predictable
and you'd save time, right?
But she--this is what
she said about you.
It's so not a baby, it's--
[audience laughter]
Didn't y'all know that that
didn't look like--
- I mean, look at--
watch him wiggle the arm,
to try and make it look
like a live baby.
He does a wiggle with the arm.
- Look, you're judging him
right there.
You're saying "Why are you--"
- Look, there he goes!
[laughter and applause]
- I love that! It's true.
[audience laughter]
I literally--
I couldn't believe it.
Like, I couldn't believe that
we were working
with the plastic baby.
Like, I was just like,
"This is nuts."
And then I was like--
and I remember thinking--
I made a joke, I was like--
and I was like, as Chris--
I can't even do it anymore,
but I was like,
"I'm gonna save y'all
like $100,000,"
and I just started doing this
with it."
[audience laughter]
'Cause, you know, you have to
CGI the hand moving.
I was like "Watch this."
Eat your heart out, Muppets.
- And you're being so serious,
and your thumb is moving--
- Totally serious!
- I don't know how you did that.
- Like so dead serious!
- I mean, didn't you know
your thumb was moving?
- Yeah, I was doing it--
I literally said to the crew
right before, I was like,
"Watch this.
"I'm gonna save you guys
$100,000
in visual effects."
And I was, like, talking,
I'm like dead serious, moving--
- I know.
[audience laughter]
- Hilarious.
- Well, I mean--I mean,
you're with a plastic baby.
- Right. No.
- Yeah, I mean--
The suspension of disbelief
is massive.
- It didn't--
it didn't fool anyone.
[audience laughter]
Look at--look at that!
That's--
- But, I have to say,
I grew to be very fond of that.
- Uh huh.
- I really--I fell in love
with that plastic thing.
- Yeah, well, it was very
well-behaved.
- Look at that, isn't that
a cute--look at that.
- Yeah, no.
- He cares for that thing.
- Uh, what?
- He's caring for that.
- No, you--well, okay.
- No?